hello it's laura tri is super nice
and I will go there years in the
downtown in downtown kyoto
because I was preparing the island of sumatra
I wanted to start filming some
sequences and I'm going to take you with
I'm going to serve things
interesting on my way
I also planned to go see
the exposure of a friend in a
he has a cafe actually it's a shop
of antiques that also makes coffee at the same time
time it's a place I love and at
dairy products are often exhibited in
this moment we had on the species of
doll a little fancy
finally with the white wolves and all that
is a great owl and these days
today so I should go see
I do not know if I can film
so we'll see and then we'll eat at
restaurant with friends but that I do not think
that I have the film is so it's unfair
here we go
mid-october japan it's a while
magnificent
if you go by Catholic from
look for a place that comes out a little bit of
ordinary
so I advise you this coffee which is
an antique shop and a cafe
Oh
man
I talked a little with both the
organized this exploration and india
man in french our next holidays
work also do not hesitate to their
happiness your comments if that you
interested but this information
when we do everything for the alpine
early by month meanwhile I'm two
years
in the games activity
at
I was a little intimidated to speak
spyder because actually the coffee was
really really filled so it's a
little annoying
and then here I am I will stop my
video here actually I have more so much of
drums
show what I wanted you to judge
so I stopped this video there and I
shows you I found a little corner a
little con super nice here in a
shopping arcade
that's what I like about kyoto fled
an arcade with lots of hema stores
so many clothes
really modern and then hop turned
head and voters but on it
here is I hope this video has you
more do not hesitate to put an inch in
look if you loved it am leave a
comment to tell me that you have
think what you want more than
villot of that night and then we get
found next week in a
new hi video